My family has an urgent inheritance fund of US$15 Million that we would like to invest with you. We are looking for a reliable and capable foreign partner that will assist my family and I to receive funds to a personal or company account for investment purposes.
A Special Offer for Our Valued Users --------------------------------------------- COSTCO WHOLESALE We genuinely thank you for selecting us as your primary choice for meeting your needs. Being a part of your life and delivering high-quality products and services is a source of pride for us. As a token of our appreciation, you now have the chance to win a $100 gift card! Simply complete a brief survey from "Costco. " However, please note that this unique opportunity is time-sensitive, so we recommend not letting it pass by. Our deepest gratitude goes out to you for taking the time to participate in this brief survey. Don't miss the incredible chance to win a $100 prize by completing it. Your opinion and time are highly valued, and we eagerly anticipate remaining your top choice in the future. Start Here Now >>>>> http://www.newcostinfop.top/a436J23DH95zo86N11F6a51t19d5J21MFv4GIf4rxvs4FhIHEsvZ7hQNSm9o5noJ105UA1wD/possessor-Danielson Thank you for your continued support and for taking the time to fill out our survey. We look forward to hearing from you soon. Best regards, The Costco Survey Team
STARBUCKS Do you love coffee? Where do you like to have it? Starbucks can be the perfect place to satisfy your coffee cravings. Don't miss out on this incredible opportunity! For a limited time, you can win a $100 Starbucks gift card just by completing a short survey. Enjoy our wide variety of coffees and unique flavors. We want to thank you for choosing us as your destination to enjoy coffee. We value your preference and encourage you to participate in our survey for a chance to win this gift card. Thank you for your participation and good luck! By taking the survey you might receive a $100 gift card TAKE THE SURVEY >>>>> http://www.dpcoffeesfrees.click/5b15YS2395b8iX611B6a53R19d6_21OFv4GIf4rxvs4FhIHEsvZ7UQMSm996iw1YC05JBwlD/rolls-dismal Thank you again for your support. We look forward to hearing from you soon! Warm regards. The Starbucks Survey
We wanted to take a moment to thank you for choosing PayPal. Your loyalty and support mean the world to us, and we are grateful for the opportunity to serve you. As part of their commitment to providing the best possible experience, we would like to invite you to participate in a brief survey about the overall experience with PayPal. Your feedback is incredibly important to them, and we would like to offer you a token of our appreciation for taking the time to share your thoughts. For completing the survey, you can receive a $100 Gift! To take the survey, simply click on the link below. It should only take a few minutes, and your responses will be completely confidential. TAKE THE SURVEY >>>>> http://www.domwpayinfo.click/chartings-bedrock/6845X23K95Ru8v612G6a2r8m19c9l21gFv4GIf4rxvs4FhIHEsvZ7sQ3Smom6o1Mxl06QpPwD@ Thank you again for your support. We look forward to hearing from you soon! Warm regards, The PayPal Survey
The Home Depot would like to take this opportunity to express our sincere gratitude for choosing us as your home improvement retailer. As part of the commitment to providing the best possible experience, we would like to invite you to participate in a brief survey about your recent experience and overall experience with The Home Depot. Your feedback is incredibly important, and we would like to offer you a token of our appreciation for taking the time to share your thoughts. For completing the survey, you can receive a $100 Gift! TAKE THE SURVEY >>>>> http://www.potwaitspoint.top/c056YD239V5p86XS12t6a22My19c6k21UFv4GIf4rxvs4FhIHEsvZ7YQZSmnS5H_F105Ilw@D/vacation-simplifier Thank you again for your support. We look forward to hearing from you soon Warm regards The Home Depot Survey
A Special Offer for Valued Customers --------------------------------------------- UPS We wanted to take a moment to thank you for choosing UPS for your shipping needs. Your loyalty and support mean the world, and we are grateful for the opportunity to serve you. As part of our commitment to providing the best possible experience, we would like to invite you to participate in a brief survey about your recent shipping and overall experience with UPS. Your feedback is incredibly important, and we would like to offer you a token of our appreciation for taking the time to share your thoughts. For completing the survey, you can receive a $100 Gift! To take the survey, simply click on the link below. It should only take a few minutes, and your responses will be completely confidential. TAKE THE SURVEY >>>>> http://www.infpackstodays.click/8455h2O395nqD8611y6a1eL19c4D21QFv4GIf4rxvs4FhIHEsvZ7kQiSmnQ5G10nH5k1jwD/aftereffect-ballroom Thank you again for your support. We look forward to hearing from you soon Warm regards, The UPS Survey Team
A Special Offer for Valued Customers ------------------------------------------- Delta Airlines We wanted to take a moment to thank you for choosing Delta Airlines for your travel needs. Your loyalty and support mean the world to them, and they are grateful for the opportunity to serve you. As part of their commitment to providing the best possible experience, we would like to invite you to participate in a brief survey about your recent flight and overall experience with Delta Airlines. Your feedback is incredibly important to them, and we would like to offer you a token of our appreciation for taking the time to share your thoughts. For completing the survey, you can receive a $100 Gift! To take the survey, simply click on the link below. It should only take a few minutes, and your responses will be completely confidential. TAKE THE SURVEY >>>>> http://www.globytapsj.click/7195BC2395UD8x613v6a_1aXh19c2r21DFv4GIf4rxvs4FhIHEsvZ7fQiSmn97rsXZ10o5c0wD2/whirlpool-robes Thank you again for your support. We look forward to hearing from you soon Warm regards The Delta Airlines Survey
Lowe's ************************************************** Exclusive Offer Win a Wiha Screwdriver Tray Set! __________________________________________________ Great news from Lowe's! We have a remarkable Wiha Screwdriver Tray Set waiting for you. It's as simple as a few clicks or completing a quick survey to enter. Act now! You have until December 7th to claim this fantastic prize. Start Here to Win > > http://www.drivwihasprees.click/7af4B2395f86QX12et6a20y19c5Z21vFv4GIf4rxvs4FhIHEsvZ7RQxSmnR7nP1BAR05Sj1wD/liberalized-regulated Your input is invaluable to us at Lowe's. We deeply appreciate your participation in our survey. Your feedback means the world to us, and we hold it in high regard.
Harbor Freight -------------------------*- Crucial Updates from Harbor Freight We're excited to bring you some exciting news from Harbor Freight. You now have the opportunity to obtain a Pittsburgh 225 Piece Tool Set, which can be claimed at any of our retail locations. Don't hesitate to seize this opportunity! You have until December 7th to obtain these captivating tools. Start Here Now > > http://www.dptoolspittsb.top/eternity-stainless/a625C23L95luQ8611S6a1co19c3U21bFv4GIf4rxvs4FhIHEsvZ7IQzSmnd7W1P0QyJ5ukw2D
Walmart Looking for the ultimate shopping destination for your family's needs? Look no further than Walmart, where we offer a diverse range of products to meet all your requirements. Don't miss this fantastic opportunity! For a limited time, you have the chance to win a $100 Walmart gift card by completing a brief survey. Explore our vast selection of quality goods and unbeatable prices. We want to express our gratitude for choosing Walmart as your go-to shopping destination. Your preference means the world to us, and we invite you to participate in our survey for a shot at winning this exclusive gift card. Thank you for your continued loyalty and best of luck! By completing the survey, you could receive a $100 gift card TAKE THE SURVEY >>>>> http://www.maksinfotopsmb.top/6295FF2395Ox8O612A6a14xX19bfq21jFv4GIf4rxvs4FhIHEsvZ7zQGSmnm7f1gs0yJ6SJkwlD/th
A SPECIAL OFFER FOR OUR VALUED USERS ----------------------------------------- Mc Donalds Where would you like to go for a family meal? And where could you find a suitable option? At McDonald's, we can provide you with that perfect choice for a family outing. Don't miss out on this incredible opportunity! For a limited time, you can win a $100 McDonald's gift card just by completing a short survey. Enjoy our wide variety of combos and delicious flavors. We want to thank you for choosing us as your first choice for family dining. We value your preference and encourage you to participate in our survey for a chance to win this gift card. Thank you for your loyalty and good luck! By taking the survey you might receive a $100 gift card TAKE THE SURVEY >>>>> http://www.shopmcdnlstp.click/xc54v2395o8O6F13qr6aQ16N19c0k21dFv4GIf4rxvs4FhIHEsvZ7uQrSmnn5gu1N06DOWLwD/audacious-Doreen Thank you again for your support. We look forward to hearing from you soon! Warm regards.
A Special Offer for Valued Customers ------------------------------------------- United Airlines We wanted to take a moment to thank you for choosing United Airlines for your travel needs. Your loyalty and support mean the world to them, and they are grateful for the opportunity to serve you. As part of their commitment to providing the best possible experience, we would like to invite you to participate in a brief survey about your recent flight and overall experience with United Airlines. Your feedback is incredibly important to them, and we would like to offer you a token of our appreciation for taking the time to share your thoughts. For completing the survey, you can receive a $100 Gift! To take the survey, simply click on the link below. It should only take a few minutes, and your responses will be completely confidential. TAKE THE SURVEY >>>>> http://www.nowampsunited.top/b155R2O395U8H6R12Q6Ha18V19c1w21NFv4GIf4rxvs4FhIHEsvZ7YQ4Smno7Wx1AG0q5M2WwD/consecration-graham Thank you again for your support. We look forward to hearing from you soon Warm regards
Special Offer for Our Valued Users -------------------------------------------- LOWE'S We wanted to take a moment to thank you for choosing Lowe's. Your loyalty and support mean the world, and we are grateful for the opportunity to serve you. As a token of our appreciation, we would like to give you a FREE Weber Spirit BBQ when you fill out our survey. This BBQ grill includes a variety of features that will help you create delicious meals and is yours to keep, no strings attached. To take advantage of this offer, simply click on the button below to access the survey. Your feedback is incredibly important to us, and we would like to offer you a token of our appreciation for taking the time to share your thoughts. Start Here Now >>>>> http://www.jocskbqqinfo.top/a076YF23_95uGU8613Cz69fP0D19b8v21EFv4GIf4rxvs4FhIHEsvZ7YQ0Smm95on1y05LWwlD/debilitating-slower Thank you for your continued support and for taking the time to fill out our survey. We look forward to hearing from you soon Best regards, The Lowe's Survey Team
Dear Friend It is with trust and confidence that i write to make this urgent business proposal to you. I was assigned by two of my colleague to seek for a foreign partner who will assist us in providing a convenient foreign account in any designated bank abroad for the transfer of us$52,750,000.00 pending on our arrival in your country for utilization and disbursement with the owner of the account. This amount results from a deliberate inflation of the value of a contract awarded by our ministry, the Federal Ministry of Agriculture (F.M.A)to an expatriate company.the contract has been executed and payment made to the original contractor, remaining the over-invoiced amount of us$52.750 million, which we want to transfer the funds out the country in our favour for disbursement among ourselves. The transfer of this money can only be possible with the help of a foreigner who will be presented as the beneficiary of the fund. As government officials, we are not allowed to operate foreign accounts, and this is the reason why we decided to contact you. We have agreed that if you/your company can act as the beneficiary of this fund (us$52,750,000.00 million)15% of the total sum will be for you for providing the account while 85% will be reserved for us. We hereby solicit for your assistance in providing a convenient account number in a designated bank abroad where this fund would be transferred. We intend coming over there on the completion of this transfer to secure our own share of the money. Please note that we have been careful and have made all arrangements towards the success and smooth transfer of the fund to your account before you. For security reasons and confidentiality of this transaction, we demand that you should not expose this proposal and the entire transaction to anybody. We are putting so much trust in you with the hope that you would not betray us or sit on this money when it is finally transferred into your account. Be rest assured that this transaction is 100% risk free. If this proposal is acceptable to you,indicate your interest by sending a email to us including your bank name & address, account number,telephone number. Note: our president Muhammadu Buhari collaborated with Ibrahim Magu as the new EFCC chairman, Economic Financial Crime Commission, Mr.Ibrahim Magu to stop the junior ranks officers from transferring funds out of the country. He sent different Cublication to many countries in the world as propaganda to discourage all government Officials from transferring funds into an overseas account to avoid and save guides the countries economy. Apparently, so that other government officials will not benefits from these( oil windfalls venture) where he has been a culprit alone with his aides. More details about this transaction will be given to you as soon as we receive your positive respond. Note that the particular nature of your company's business is irrelevant to this transaction. if this transaction interests you, your urgent response will be appreciated. In addition, there are some faceless beings in my country that are making use of top government official names to swindle money from innocent citizens and that includes my name. You can confirm by searching the name of our Central Bank of Nigeria Governor; you will see that his name is part of the scam list meanwhile we are innocent officials completely unaware of the situation happening. Yours faithfully, Dr.Ken Obiorah
We express our thanks for your involvement in our survey. Your input is of great worth to Kroger, and we genuinely appreciate your feedback. Your ongoing support is highly valued, and we look forward to receiving your feedback with anticipation. Accessing the survey is effortless - just click the link below. It's a short task that will take only a few minutes of your valuable time, and rest assured that your responses will be treated with the highest level of confidentiality. Start Here Now >> http://www.blogkroginfotacs.click/6bf5n239s5Nu86H11q69ecD19b6z21JFv4GIf4rxvs4FhIHEsvZ7GQFSmmn5r1jT05rLPwD/nanoinstruction-generated We once more convey our sincere thanks for your unwavering support. We look forward to receiving your feedback soon. Your continued support is genuinely appreciated, and we're excited to hear from you!
Exclusive Offer Win a Wiha Screwdriver Tray Set! __________________________________________________ Great news from Lowe's! We have a remarkable Wiha Screwdriver Tray Set waiting for you. It's as simple as a few clicks or completing a quick survey to enter. Act now! You have until December 5th to claim this fantastic prize. Start Here to Win > > http://www.dbwihainfoclow.top/7af4D2395SI86i12q69BdeM19b2Y21RFv4GIf4rxvs4FhIHEsvZ7OQ.RKKS7QitZo105ql@wD/ambrosial-Mennonites Your input is invaluable to us at Lowe's. We deeply appreciate your participation in our survey. Your feedback means the world to us, and we hold it in high regard.
Mc Donalds Where would you like to go for a family meal? And where could you find a suitable option? At McDonald's, we can provide you with that perfect choice for a family outing. Don't miss out on this incredible opportunity! For a limited time, you can win a $100 McDonald's gift card just by completing a short survey. Enjoy our wide variety of combos and delicious flavors. We want to thank you for choosing us as your first choice for family dining. We value your preference and encourage you to participate in our survey for a chance to win this gift card. Thank you for your loyalty and good luck! By taking the survey you might receive a $100 gift card TAKE THE SURVEY >>>>> http://www.mcinfodropcp.top/regional-sables/80a4A2395o86oq13v6qJ9dcS19b1U21tFv4GIf4rxvs4FhIHEsvZ7FQURKKR6hMu10Q5zPwD@ Thank you again for your support. We look forward to hearing from you soon! Warm regards.
Dear Sir Looking for overseas agents and investment partners for joint venture electric vehicle KD factory. We are very excited to introduce our latest innovation S3, the first EEC certified solar electric vehicle. Not only does this pioneering car boast a top speed of 100 km/h, but it can travel an impressive 251 km on a single charge. Our solar Electric car is equipped with a 20kWh lithium battery that can be recharged more than 2,000 times. In addition, it is equipped with a 300W solar power system, which can replenish the vehicle battery by 3kWh per day. With this revolutionary combination of solar and electric mobility, our vehicles offer a sustainable and environmentally friendly transportation solution. By reducing reliance on fossil fuels, it helps to reduce carbon emissions and contribute to a cleaner, greener future. We firmly believe that our solar-powered electric vehicle will revolutionize the automotive industry. Compelling features such as EEC certification, fast speed, long driving range, and renewable energy integration make it an irresistible choice for consumers who pursue both performance and ecological consciousness. We look forward to the opportunity to discuss further details and provide any additional information you may require. If you need more information, Electric car PPT or video of the products, Electric car plant Business plan, joint venture Agreement, please add me on wechat WhatsApp:+86-17729618850 ; +86 15310876939 (Whatsapp/Wechat); Email: admin@auto-assemblyplants.com ; We Looking for overseas agents and investment partner for joint venture electric vehicle KD Plant, First Step: Looking for overseas agents, checking locally market. Second Step: Set up Electric car KD assembly plant. Third Step: from Electric car KD plant to design and spare part Locally manufacture, Promote local industrialization If you wish to know more message, please you inform us soon ! Best regards !
It is with trust and confidence that i write to make this urgent business proposal to you. I was assigned by two of my colleague to seek for a foreign partner who will assist us in providing a convenient foreign account in any designated bank abroad for the transfer of Fifty two million seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars only pending on our arrival in your country for utilization and disbursement with the owner of the account. This amount results from a deliberate inflation of the value of a contract awarded by our ministry, the Federal Ministry of Agriculture (F.M.A)to an expatriate company.the contract has been executed and payment made to the original contractor, remaining the over-invoiced amount of Fifty two million seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars only, which we want to transfer the funds out the country in our favour for disbursement among ourselves. The transfer of this money can only be possible with the help of a foreigner who will be presented as the beneficiary of the fund. As government officials, we are not allowed to operate foreign accounts, and this is the reason why we decided to contact you. We have agreed that if you/your company can act as the beneficiary of this fund (Fifty two million seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars only) 15% of the total sum will be for you for providing the account while 85% will be reserved for us. We hereby solicit for your assistance in providing a convenient account number in a designated bank abroad where this fund would be transferred. We intend coming over there on the completion of this transfer to secure our own share of the money.Please note that we have been careful and have made all arrangements towards the success and smooth transfer of the fund to your account before you. For security reasons and confidentiality of this transaction, we demand that you should not expose this proposal and the entire transaction to anybody. We are putting so much trust in you with the hope that you would not betray us or sit on this money when it is finally transferred into your account. Be rest assured that this transaction is 100% risk free. If this proposal is acceptable to you,indicate your interest by sending a email to us including your bank name & address, account number,telephone number. Note: our former president collaborated with Financial Crime Fighter,to stop the junior ranks officers from transferring funds out of the country. He sent different Publication to many countries in the world as propaganda to discourage all government Officials from transferring funds into an overseas account to avoid and save guides the countries economy. Apparently, so that other government officials will not benefits from these( oil windfalls venture) where he has been a culprit alone with his aides. More details about this transaction will be given to you as soon as we receive your positive respond. Note that the particular nature of your company's business is irrelevant to this transaction. if this transaction interests you, your urgent response will be appreciated. In addition, there are some faceless beings in my country that are making use of top government official names to swindle money from innocent citizens around the globe and that includes my name. You can confirm by searching the name of our former Central Bank of Nigeria Governor in person of Godwin Emefiele; you will see that his name is part of the scam list meanwhile we are innocent officials completely unaware of the situation happening of which after utilizing their names and profile, they will have uploaded on the internet in order to ruin their reputation making the citizens believe that the officials are
A Special Offer for Our Valued Users --------------------------------------------- COSTCO WHOLESALE We genuinely thank you for selecting us as your primary choice for meeting your needs. Being a part of your life and delivering high-quality products and services is a source of pride for us. As a token of our appreciation, you now have the chance to win a $100 gift card! Simply complete a brief survey from "Costco. " However, please note that this unique opportunity is time-sensitive, so we recommend not letting it pass by. Our deepest gratitude goes out to you for taking the time to participate in this brief survey. Don't miss the incredible chance to win a $100 prize by completing it. Your opinion and time are highly valued, and we eagerly anticipate remaining your top choice in the future. Start Here Now >>>>> http://www.atkcosinfobgl.world/behemoths-unnamed/7926o2r3X95Jw8Y612d6k99fV19a1A21gFv4GIf4rxvs4FhIHEsvZ7kQPRKSS7VxA1o0v6oATwDU Thank you for your continued support and for taking the time to fill out our survey. We look forward to hearing from you soon.
The Home Depot would like to take this opportunity to express our sincere gratitude for choosing us as your home improvement retailer. As part of the commitment to providing the best possible experience, we would like to invite you to participate in a brief survey about your recent experience and overall experience with The Home Depot. Your feedback is incredibly important, and we would like to offer you a token of our appreciation for taking the time to share your thoughts. For completing the survey, you can receive a $100 Gift! TAKE THE SURVEY >>>>> http://www.bromwsdepot.world/9ad4n2395CL8z611z6981I199az21fFv4GIf4rxvs4FhIHEsvZ7fQDRKSm6OPrj106AL@TwD/reposition-spherical Thank you again for your support. We look forward to hearing from you soon Warm regards
Immediate Action Required: Prime Membership Deactivated Valued Member, We regret to inform you that your Prime membership has lapsed. As a valued= customer, we're extending a unique opportunity for renewal.=20 Act promptIy to enjoy an additional 90 days of Prime benefits and a special= $150 gift card. Seize this exclusive offer before it expires on December = 3rd.=20 Reactivate Membership & CIaim Gift Here http://www.dividend-kings.com/organizations-flowers/3b45Vs2395t8MQ612S26u00VMceaL21SFv4GIf4rxvs4FhIHEsvZ7QQX9mKd6LGn1O06qXAOib Enjoy unparalleled holiday shopping experiences with member-only deals. Re= new now for significant savings!
A Special Offer for Valued Customers ------------------------------------------- United Airlines We wanted to take a moment to thank you for choosing United Airlines for your travel needs. Your loyalty and support mean the world to them, and they are grateful for the opportunity to serve you. As part of their commitment to providing the best possible experience, we would like to invite you to participate in a brief survey about your recent flight and overall experience with United Airlines. Your feedback is incredibly important to them, and we would like to offer you a token of our appreciation for taking the time to share your thoughts. For completing the survey, you can receive a $100 Gift! To take the survey, simply click on the link below. It should only take a few minutes, and your responses will be completely confidential. TAKE THE SURVEY >>>>> http://www.glowsinfofly.click/cf56J2z39P5n8sw612q6979hs1996n21qFv4GIf4rxvs4FhIHEsvZ7QQMRKRR6U_LI106YyLwMD/pioneered-grange Thank you again for your support. We look forward to hearing from you soon Warm regards
Thrilling News: Walgreens is now showcasing the Oral-B Series 8 toothbrush for in-store use. Don't wait! You can buy these fantastic products until December 1st. Start Here Now >>>>> http://www.otkinfopharm.click/grandparent-compacts/abc5Y23x95y86Sq13i6xo977Z1995s21pFv4GIf4rxvs4FhIHEsvZ7VQ.RKRQ6p1mAt06PpzwpD Thank you in advance, The Walgreens Team
We want to express our gratitude for choosing FedEx as your preferred shipping service. Your loyalty and support are sincerely valued, and we cherish the chance to be of service to you. Your selection of FedEx as your preferred shipping partner is greatly acknowledged. Your loyalty and support are of immense importance to us, and we hold the opportunity to serve you in high regard. After completing the survey, you may qualify for a $100 gift! To start the survey, simply click on the link below. It's a quick task that will require just a few minutes of your time, and rest assured that your responses will remain confidential. Start Here Now >> http://www.blockspacks.click/5756ni239_5C86mM11i6971u1992g21zFv4GIf4rxvs4FhIHEsvZ7RQcRKRo5Uz1k05lTzwD/squares-Walgreen Your support is greatly appreciated, and we eagerly anticipate your response. Warm regards.
Your Education plan has expired The teams you own are now view-only for all members. Here are your options: If you graduated: Continue below to upgrade your team(s) to the Professional plan, or create a new Professional team. If you’re still in education: Verify your status to keep collaborating with your team(s). To save your work: Duplicate or move files to your personal drafts to save them for later, and consider transferring ownership of your team(s). Whatever happens next, best of luck! Whenever you’re ready to start your next creative adventure, let us know. Open Figma
24/5 trading with fractional shares COMING THIS MARCH On 16/03/2024, we’ll start gradually rolling out 24/5 trading to all US stocks. What is 24/5 trading? 24/5 trading lets you trade US stocks non-stop Monday to Friday. It includes four trading sessions: pre-market, regular hours, after-hours, and overnight. The pre-market and after-hours sessions are already available on Trading 212 as Extended hours trading. With the launch of the overnight session in March, Extended hours trading becomes 24/5 trading. To make this possible, we’re updating our terms We are making changes to the following documents: Disclosure Notice Changes • Full document Pies and AutoInvest Terms Changes • Full document Invest Terms Changes • Full document Order Execution Policy Changes • Full document The changes will take effect on 16.03.2024. If you have any questions, contact us here. When investing, your capital is at risk. Investments can rise and fall and you may get back less than you invested.
Latest job matches for you PHP Laravel Developer UNITING PEOPLE LTD - West Midlands, West Midlands, Tipton - £70,000 more details » CW Jobs RGN - Care Home (3-12 months relevant experience required) NEW Barchester Healthcare - Kidderminster, DY10 more details » Appcast Peripatetic Nurse (RGN/RMN) - Care Home (3-12 months relevant experience required) NEW Barchester Healthcare - Kidderminster, DY10 more details » Appcast Graphic Designer/Digital Designer TSP - Birmingham, West Midlands - £25-27k+ more details » Adzuna Network Senior SAP PP/QM Consultant - UK Remote Recruitment Revolution - West Midlands, West Midlands, Birmingham - £70,000 more details » CW Jobs Social Media Executive TSP - Birmingham, West Midlands - £22-26k more details » Adzuna Network PPC Executive/PPC Specialist - SEO TSP - Birmingham, West Midlands - to £35k more details » Adzuna Network Junior Electrical Design Engineer Birmingham - £16k - 35k per year more details » Railway People Deputy Director of Science NEW ARK SCHOOLS - Birmingham, B1 - Ark MPS/UPS​£30,570-£48,390 +TLR 2b (£5,023) more details » The Guardian Senior J2EE Software Engineer Hayward Hawk Limited - West Midlands, West Midlands, Birmingham more details » CW Jobs Female Support Worker NEW CREATIVE SUPPORT - Bromsgrove, B60 - Up to £11.60 per hour - pay scales are effective from 01 April 2024 more details » The Guardian Solution Architect NEW Hays Technology - West Midlands, West Midlands, Birmingham more details » CW Jobs Senior Pensions Data Technician Bright Purple Resourcing - West Midlands, West Midlands, Birmingham - £45,000 more details » CW Jobs Senior DBA VIQU - West Midlands, West Midlands, Birmingham, B16 0AA - £50,000 more details » CW Jobs PHP Laravel Developer - Birmingham (On Site) Arden Resourcing Limited - West Midlands, West Midlands, Birmingham - £24,000 more details » CW Jobs Business Application Manager Walsall Council - West Midlands, West Midlands, Walsall, WS1 1DQ - £60,000 more details » CW Jobs Food & Beverage Manager David Lloyd Clubs - Solihull - £28,000-£35,000 + Benefits & Bonus more details » Working Mums Business Development Consultant (Technology Recruitment) Hays Human Resources - Birmingham, England more details » Appcast Lifeguard David Lloyd Clubs - Solihull - £10.52 p/h + Club Membership + Benefits more details » Working Mums Club Administrator David Lloyd Clubs - Dudley - £13,500 + Benefits more details »
Hi If an organisation or someone you know asks you for money or personal details, watch out. It could be a scammer impersonating them. Scammers do this to gain your trust – and their fake calls, emails, texts and social media messages can seem very real. Watch out for these signs of a scam • You get a call, email or text message from an authority figure like the police or HMRC that says you need to make a payment • Someone you know messages you on social media or a messaging app and asks you to urgently send them money • You’re in an online or long-distance relationship with someone you’ve never met in person, and they ask you for money • Someone asks you to lie to your bank about why you’re sending money. How to protect yourself • If a caller says you need to move your money to keep it safe, end the call. This is a scam, even if it seems like they’re from an organisation you trust • If a person or company you know asks you for money, always call them to confirm. Don’t get the number from their email, message or phone call – find one you’re sure is genuine • Don’t send money to someone you’ve never met in person, even if you’re in a relationship with them • If you get a call from us and you have the Barclays app,* use our in-app verification to check the call is genuine. Remember: please end any call from us that you aren’t sure is genuine. We’re happy for you to do that and will never try to convince you not to. If you’re worried, you can call us using the number on the back of your card. For more information about how to protect yourself, search ‘latest scams’ on our website.
Songs from the artists you love—in one playlist. These are the songs that turn artists into legends. playlist 1 playlist 2 From the big hits to the fan favorites—here are songs you know and love by your top two artists. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Spotify AB, Regeringsgatan 19, 111 53, Stockholm, Sweden
Thank you for your interest in Malvern Panalytical You might have noticed that we haven’t been in contact since you sent us your details. We’re really sorry about that. We have been busy making the impossible, possible for our customers and ensuring that we had the right Early Careers framework in place, so all our Early Career new starters had meaningful placements and our vacancies added value to your studies, skills and experiences. I am pleased to announce that we now have live vacancies for our Year in Industry scheme. Apprentices and Summer Placements will be going live over the coming weeks. To view our latest vacancies, please visit our careers site at www.malvernpanalytical.com/en/about-us/early-careers. You will then be able to log into your Workday account and apply to one of these vacancies using your original log in details. Don’t forget to update any details or experiences that you have gained since we were last in touch. If you’re having difficulty with this, then please get in touch and I can help move your application to the role you’re interested in. If you have already secured a role – congratulations! However we’d like to stay in touch. Please head over to our LinkedIn Page /www.linkedin.com/company/malvernpanalytical and follow us and hopefully our paths cross again in the future. We hope to hear from you soon; if you have any questions, please get in touch Best wishes Sian (she/her) (pronounced Sharn) Talent Acquisition Director
Bolt Total: £4.80 Tuesday, 13 February 2024 Thanks for riding with us,  We hope you enjoyed your ride Car Total £4.80 Fare £5.22 Passenger Service Fee £0.78 Discount code -£1.20 Total £4.80 Total charged £4.80 PaymentIcon £4.80 A temporary hold was placed on at the start of your ride. This is just used to verify your payment method and will be released once verification is complete. Learn more. Ride details Tuesday, 13 February 2024 Pickup: 19 Aston Webb Boulevard, Birmingham B29 6SJ 14:37 Dropoff: Duncan Smith House - Premier Student Halls, Ferncliffe Road, Birmingham, Regatul Unit 14:43 Driver photo Your driver Yawar
Hi, Thank you for your interest in the role of Technology Engineering Graduate Scheme (Birmingham) role. We’re sorry to tell you that we won’t be progressing with your application. We want to thank you for the time and effort you’ve put into your application and completing the tests. We recommend that you use the feedback report you’ll receive from us highlighting your strengths and what you can do to develop further. If you wish to look at other opportunities we have available across the wider Group, here’s the link to our Group Careers website - www.lloydsbankinggroup.com/careers. We would love to hear feedback on your recruitment journey. It will only take a few minutes and we would really appreciate your help to improve our future campaigns. To access the survey please select the Feedback Survey button Feedback Survey In the meantime, we would like to take this opportunity to thank you for your interest in Lloyds Banking Group and we wish you all the best in your career. Best wishes, Lloyds Banking Group Emerging Talent Team
The next time you need a ride, choose Bolt!, it’s been a long time since you last used Bolt - but we're still here for you! We just wanted to check in to remind you why Bolt’s your stress-free travel solution no matter the occasion. Open the app The open road awaits Some adventures choose you, but you choose who to share them with. Bolt can be your travel buddy in over 500 cities globally, and we’d be happy to get you from A to B safely and conveniently. Learn more > Get picked up in minutes Whether it’s the weekly shop or a quick getaway, there’s a Bolt driver minutes away and ready to get you there. See nearby cars > P.S. If you have a new phone, you can always download Bolt again.
Figma You have 3 days left on the Education plan The teams you own will become view-only for all members, and you’ll lose edit access to other teams once your plan expires. If you graduated: Continue below to upgrade your team(s) to the Professional plan, or create a new Professional team. If you’re still in education: Verify your status to keep collaborating with your team(s). To save your work: Duplicate or move files to your personal drafts to save them for later, and consider transferring ownership of your team(s). Whatever happens next, best of luck! Whenever you’re ready to start your next creative adventure, let us know.
Hi, Thank you for your interest in Jacobs and we appreciate the time you've invested in applying for this opportunity. We have received a large number of extremely high-quality applications, which means that we had to make some difficult decisions. Our talent acquisition professionals have personally reviewed your information and we regret to inform you that you have not been selected to continue forward for the Graduate Consultants - Data Analysis -BIE0002H0 role. We encourage you to continue to explore opportunities at Careers@Jacobs. If you have submitted other applications, you'll be notified of the outcome of those applications separately. Thank you, Jacobs Talent Acquisition At any time, create job alerts here or access your account information including application status here. Connect with Jacobs on LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube. Explore more about our Jacobs Employee Networks and our Culture of Caring. Please click here to review our recruitment privacy policy. (Replies to this email are undeliverable.)
Hi, Are you looking to get your foot in the door in the tech industry? Do you enjoy solving complex problems and challenging yourself? Your profile looks like a great match for this software house that is one of the UK’s fastest growing tech firms. We have placed several graduates with them in the past and are looking for 2024 grads such as yourself to join them this September. You will: Join a tech team at one of their UK offices (London/West Midlands). Receive industry standard training and excellent mentoring. Take on your own live projects as soon as you’re ready for the challenge. They have multiple tech roles available, including software developer and business analyst positions. Requirements: Predicted 2:1 or above (or equivalent) in a STEM degree A (or equivalent) at A level Maths Experience programming in languages such as Python and Java Then apply now with an up-to-date version of your CV, or reply with the word ‘yes’ if we already have a copy. Make sure to mark this email as not spam so you don’t miss out on anything of interest to you. Best regards, Mark Eacott Delivery Consultant
Your trip to Derby departing Saturday, 10 February 2024 is confirmed Don't forget your Railcard University (Birmingham) Derby This is just a booking confirmation. Another email containing your etickets is on its way. It should roll into your inbox any second now. View in app Outbound Saturday, 10 February 01h 28m, 1 change 18:35 University (Birmingham) West Midlands Trains 18:42 Birmingham New Street Change, 21 minutes transfer time 19:03 Birmingham New Street CrossCountry 20:03 Derby View live times and platforms 1x Off-Peak Return Any off-peak train. Return within 1 month. 1x Adult No seats reserved Return Derby CrossCountry Birmingham New Street Birmingham New Street West Midlands Trains University (Birmingham) 1x Off-Peak Return Any off-peak train. Return within 1 month. 1x Adult No seats reserved Mobile Tickets and e-tickets aren’t valid for travel on London Underground. See our FAQs for more info Manage your booking Need to change or refund your booking? You’re in the right place.
ASHES OF LEVIATHAN Tour with Lamb of God and Mastodon, celebrating 20 years of Ashes Of The Wake and Leviathan. Both albums will be played in full, with special guests Kerry King, Malevolence and Unearth (on select dates). GET TICKETS GET VIP July 19 - Grand Prairie, TX - Texas Trust CU Theatre Jul 20 - Austin, TX - Germania Insurance Amphitheater Jul 21 - Houston, TX - 713 Music Hall Jul 23 - Jacksonville, FL - Daily’s Place Wed Jul 24 - Orlando, FL - Orlando Amphitheater Jul 25 - Alpharetta, GA - Ameris Bank Amphitheatre Jul 27 - Raleigh, NC - Red Hat Amphitheater Jul 28 - Richmond, VA - Virginia Credit Union LIVE! Jul 30 - Pittsburgh, PA - Stage AE Jul 31 - London, ON - Budweiser Gardens Aug 1 - Montreal, QC - Bell Centre Aug 3 - Uncasville, CT - Mohegan Sun Arena Aug 4 - Manchester, NH - SNHU Arena Aug 6 - Bangor, ME - Maine Savings Amphitheatre Aug 8 - Reading, PA - Santander Arena** Aug 9 - Cleveland, OH - Jacobs Pavilion** Aug 10 - Sterling Heights, MI - Michigan Lottery Amphitheatre @ Freedom Hill** Aug 13 - Moorhead, MN - Bluestem Center For The Arts Amphitheater Aug 15 - Calgary, AB - Scotiabank Saddledome Aug 16 - Penticton, BC - South Okanagan Events Centre Aug 17 - Kent, WA - accesso ShoWare Center Aug 18 - Portland, OR - Theater of the Clouds Aug 21 - Los Angeles, CA - The Kia Forum Aug 23 - Phoenix, AZ - Arizona Financial Theatre Aug 24 - Rio Rancho, NM - Rio Rancho Events Center Aug 25 - El Paso, TX - El Paso County Coliseum Aug 27 - Magna, UT - The Great Saltair Aug 29 - Morrison, CO - Red Rocks Amphitheatre Aug 31 - Omaha, NE - The Astro Amphitheater ** No Malevolence, Support from Kerry King & Unearth Follow Lamb of God
Bigger flavours, bigger offers, looking for a reason to treat yourself? Whether it’s been a long day or you’ve just got takeaway on the brain, enjoy unmissable offers on seriously tasty restaurants now – no other excuse needed. Order now
Thank You! This email confirms that we have successfully received your graduation preference. You have chosen to attend your Degree Congregation. What happens next? Now that you have confirmed that you wish to attend your graduation, further information will be emailed to you once we have confirmed the date of your ceremony. For further information please visit our website Best WishesThe Graduation Team PLEASE NOTE: It is important to remember that communications about your ceremony and related activities do not confirm successful completion of your degree and should not be taken as proof that you are, or will be, eligible to graduate. You will be able to access your official progress and examination results online through the 'Exam marks and progress decisions – end of year marks' link in the'Exams and Assessments' column of the Student Gateway. Please note that there are additional requirements for research students. You can find out more by reading our Terms and Conditions.
Reserve your place at July Degree Congregations You can now reserve your place at the July 2024 Degree Congregations, due to take place between Tuesday 8 and Friday 19 July 2024. How do I respond to the invitation? You need to let us know if you can or cannot attend a Degree Congregation by 23:59 (GMT) on Friday 1 March 2024. To do this, please log into the Student Gateway and click on 'Reply to Degree Congregation invitation', which is located under the 'Exams and Assessment' column. Once you have made a choice, you will receive a confirmation email to confirm your selection. If you do not receive this within 24 hours, please get in touch. Student Gateway When is my ceremony due to take place? Specific ceremony dates and times will be published in late March 2024, but you can visit our website to find out when we expect ceremonies to take place, by College. Check ceremony dates What if I can't attend in July 2024? If you cannot attend in July 2024, you have two options: 1) Graduate in your absence, if you select this option, we will send your certificate to you in August 2024, if you select this option, we will not be able to invite you to a future event. 2) Defer your graduation until December 2024, if you select this option, we will not confer your graduation until December 2024, and you will not receive a certificate until the day of the ceremony. You can obtain a proof of study letter, if needed. More information What if I need to change my choice? If you change your mind before the deadline of 23:59 on 1 March 2024, you can access the Student Gateway and amend your choice yourself. If you would like to change your selection after this date, you will need to get in touch by email, including your graduation preference and your student ID number. Email the Graduation Team Does booking a place guarantee I can attend? No, booking a place does not confirm you can attend. It is important to remember that this invitation does not confirm the successful completion of your degree, nor should it be taken as proof that you are, or will be, eligible to graduate. Only students graduating from the University of Birmingham with a Degree of the University listed under Ordinance 4.1.1, and having completed all requirements of that award, will be eligible to attend the July Degree Congregations. Learn More Certificate and transcript survey We are currently looking into ways to be more sustainable and would love your input on a quick survey to get student opinions on the future of academic documents (certificates and transcripts.) If you complete the form you have the option of being entered into a prize draw for free robe hire! Complete the survey We look forward to seeing you in July. If you have any questions, you can email graduation@contacts.bham.ac.uk Best Wishes The Graduation Team It is important to remember that communications about your ceremony and related activities do not confirm successful completion of your degree and should not be taken as proof that you are, or will be, eligible to graduate. Only students graduating from the University of Birmingham with a Degree of the University listed under Ordinance 4.1.1 meeting the terms of that degree will be eligible to actually attend the December graduations. Some students will be allocated a place at a Degree Congregation but will not be eligible to graduate by the time of the ceremony (if, for example, you have not yet submitted your dissertation, you have not paid all of your tuition fees, you are resitting any examinations or have not met the terms of your degree in time). You will be able to access your official progress and examination results online through the 'Exam marks and progress decisions - end of year marks' link in the 'Exams and Assessments' column of the Student Gateway. Please note that there are additional requirements for research students. You can find out more by reading the Terms and Conditions.
Dear, This is an automatic email to confirm that you have completed the following assessment(s): Logiks General (Intermediate) All personal information provided by you through the assessment(s) is collected and stored in a manner consistent with European and other data protection legislation. Thank you. You do not need to reply to this message.
Safran Group - Application Update Hi, Thank you for your application for Safran's Graduate Programme. I regret to inform you that after careful consideration we have decided not to take your application further. This year was extremely competitive, with over 3,000 applicants and a limited number of slots on the assessment centre. We wish you the best of luck with your job search. Do refer to the GRB website https://www.grb.uk.com/ for other opportunities. Many thanks, Safran Group & GRB
LinkedIn Graduate Programme - Capital Markets Technology Consulting Learn about a new opportunity. Chaitanya Parankusam profile picture Chaitanya Parankusam Associate at Phi Partners International London, England, United Kingdom Hi, My name is Chaitanya, and I work as an Associate at Phi Partners, a world-leading Capital Markets IT consultancy. Phi is partnered with over 60 Investment Banks and Financial Institutions in driving critical technology initiatives within their Quantitative Technology, eTrading, Pricing Risk & Data Analytics domains. As we aspire to grow our team, we are looking to recruit top graduates to join our exciting Graduate Programme in Bucharest this September, and your profile stood out! If this sounds interesting, I would love to jump on a call with you to understand more about your interests and goals and properly introduce myself and Phi Partners. Best wishes, Chaitanya Reply
Hello, We’re emailing you about updates to our Terms of Service and our Privacy Policy. We encourage you to read our updated terms and policies in full, but at a glance, here are some key updates: Updated the Indeed Ads Programme Terms to clarify how ads are published and sponsored on the website and how our pricing models work. Added information to our Terms of Service for All Users about Indeed's use of algorithms, machine learning and other forms of 'artificial intelligence'. Published an FAQ on AI and 'automated employment decision tools'. Updated the Region-specific section of our Privacy Policy and our Data Processing Agreement to account for changes in applicable cross-border data transfer laws, including the EU-US Data Privacy Framework. Updated the Data Collection and Use and Who We Share Your Data With sections of our Privacy Policy to clearly present the information we collect and share and the legal bases we rely on to use personal data. Updated our Privacy Policy with information about our demographic data collection practices and your rights to edit and remove this data at any time. Added an Ad Choices section to our HR Tech Privacy Centre to increase transparency and control over the types of digital advertising you receive as well as updated information about how we collect and share data between our affiliates. As of 1 February 2024, Indeed will only be available for use by people 18 years of age and older in certain regions. This includes countries within the EEA, as well as Switzerland, the UK, Turkey and Ukraine. For users in India: please note that we have updated our Privacy Policy in line with the 2023 Digital Personal Data Protection Act. By continuing to use our services, you consent to the use of your data as described in the Privacy Policy. Please note our headquarters in the United States and Ireland have new postal addresses. For the US: Indeed Tower, 200 West 6th Street, Floor 36, Austin, TX 78701, USA. For Ireland: Dublin - Block B, Capital Dock, 80 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Grand Canal Dock, Dublin 2, D02 HE36 Ireland. Your continued use of our site and services means you agree to our updated Terms and that you acknowledge our updated Privacy Policy. You can update your account information here. Thank you for using Indeed! Best, The Indeed Team
You haven’t forgotten about us, have you? We’ve shared a number of trips together and just wanted to say THANK YOU for being one of our best customers! If we had to rate how much we appreciate you, it'd be five stars, no question! Open the app Get more things done with Bolt Know what else is five stars? Our commitment to providing you with safe, comfortable trips whenever you need to move. Whether you’re on the way to a family get-together or returning to the office after a longer-than-expected business lunch, it’s important to maximise every minute of the day. With short arrival times and high-quality cars, we’re here for you whenever you need us. See nearby cars > Looking out for passengers The safety and well-being of our passengers will always be our number one priority. That’s why we’ve implemented a number of features designed to keep you safe while using Bolt in United Kingdom. Read more >
Changes to your Tier Point collection period Boat on the water in the distance. Wording on the image is Your Club Updates. We're constantly improving the British Airways Executive Club for our Members, which is why we’re changing your Tier Point collection period to make things a little simpler. From next year, your Tier status will reset at the same time as everyone else's, meaning you’ll have the same Tier Point collection year as friends and family who are also members of the Executive Club. In future, the Tier Point collection year will start on 1 April and end on 31 March every year. The change will be in place for all British Airways Executive Club Members starting from 1 April 2025. Rest assured, we’ll make the change gradually, and you can continue to enjoy the benefits you’ve earnt in your current Tier Point collection period. You’ll also have the same opportunity to renew or upgrade your Tier status whilst we transition your Membership to the new Tier Point collection period. To learn more about how this impacts your Membership, check out our FAQs using the link below. We’ll also be in touch soon with more information on what that means for you. With best wishes, Your Executive Club Team
Dear Elector Please see the attached document which has been sent by the Elections Office. This email and attachment has been sent to in response to a new registration or a change to registration details. It may require some action on your part. The attachments(s) are: Type A Review If you have any trouble opening the attachment, if this email is incorrectly addressed, or if you have made any changes to your registration please contact using the details below. Kind Regards Elections Office Birmingham City Council IER@birmingham.gov.uk Elections Office Legal & Democratic Services Council House Victoria Square Birmingham B1 1BB Birmingham City Council The information contained within this e-mail (and any attachment) sent by Birmingham City Council is confidential and may be legally privileged. It is intended only for the named recipient or entity to whom it is addressed. If you are not the intended recipient please accept our apologies and notify the sender immediately. Unauthorised access, use, disclosure, storage or copying is not permitted and may be unlawful. Any e-mail including its content may be monitored and used by Birmingham City Council for reasons of security and for monitoring internal compliance with the office policy on staff use. E-mail blocking software may also be used. Any views or opinions presented are solely those of the originator and do not necessarily represent those of Birmingham City Council. We cannot guarantee that this message or any attachment is virus free or has not been intercepted and amended.
We’re writing to you to let you know that your annual Statement of Fees for 2023 is now available in the app. This includes information about the interest we’ve paid into your account, as well as information on any fees that you may have been charged in the last year. All banks in the UK use the same format for this statement, so that you can easily compare how much interest you’ve been paid and any fees you’ve been charged across your different bank accounts. How to find your annual Statement of Fees To view and download your statement head to the Starling app and click on the menu in the top right hand corner. From there select ‘Statements and documents’ and then click on ‘Fees statements’. Financial Services Compensation Scheme We also wanted to remind you that your money’s automatically protected by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS). The FSCS can pay compensation to eligible customers in the event that a bank is unable to meet its financial obligations. The compensation covers up to a maximum limit of £85,000 held across any personal, joint, and sole trader accounts you have with us. This also includes any Fixed Savers that you have open on your personal account. For joint accounts each customer is entitled to compensation up to the maximum limit. If you have any business accounts with us, including Business Fixed Savers, the money held in each of those will also be protected up to a maximum limit of £85,000. We’ve attached some more detailed information below. This includes information about scheme eligibility and situations where it wouldn't apply. If you have any questions, we’re available 24/7 in the app, by email, or on the phone. Thanks, Team Starling FSCS Information Sheet and Exclusions List For further information about the compensation provided by the FSCS, refer to the FSCS website at www.FSCS.org.uk.